Hello and welcome back.
Let's take a look at a solution for our previous challenge which was implemented command design pattern.
We're going to call this project our command solution.
Remember this was a challenge for using the command panel for a stock type application buying and selling
stocks taking orders and so forth.
Call this this is going to be called the command solution.
Our first step is going to be to create the command class.
So we're gonna say new and this is the interface remember this is gonna be our order class it's gonna
be an interface and it's pretty simple to create this because it always just has one method or execute
the next step is to create the receiver class which will the commands will have an instance of that's
why I want to create this next and then we'll use the order interface.
So here we're gonna name this our stock class and this is our receiver class the receiver class is going
to hard code a stock name so I'm going to have my member variables already set up just for efficiency
it's almost a private String name and I'm going to say the stock is Google and I'm also gonna set up
the quantity of the shares that I want to buy something to say the quantity is always equal to a thousand
we could pass these in to the constructor and you could make multiple different buy and sell orders
but for simplicity we're just going to hard code them we're going to implement the buy in the sell and
the receiver class usually you want to implement you want implement the receiver before you implement
the concrete commands because the commands are there's gonna be so many command objects for each receiver
method.
So here we're gonna have by.
Not going to be any real plantation it's going to print out some information we're going to print out
the stock name and we're gonna put out the quantity and we're just going to either say bought course
or sold so something like this
system that out that print line quantity
and we need a plus quantity or mentioned that there but the sale is gonna be pretty much the same thing
except it's gonna print out information saying you sold for the right stock.
So something like this.
To make sure our
note that will line up good but you get the gist.
And that's going to say sold versus ball.
Now we can go back and we can implement our concrete command classes.
This will be a by stock method or by stock class I'm sorry.
And a sell stock class here will say class buy stock implements order.
And remember this has to have a reference to the receiver.
So we're gonna have a private stock.
My stock and then in our buy stock the stock the receiver is going to be passed into the stock constructor
so public buy stock will take a stock you know some stock
and it will say my stock equals some stock and that our execute method is just gonna call the method
on the receiver.
So we're gonna say my stock that buy
and the other concrete command class for selling stock is gonna be pretty much the same except you're
gonna sell stock so we'll have a name.
Sell stock you'll meet the order interface.
We'll set up the member variable and we'll call the sell method on the receiver.
Now we want to create the end vulgar and vulgar member is gonna be the broker.
So we're gonna say new class broker.
Remember our broker class was gonna have a list of orders.
So that's gonna be a member variable.
We're gonna have a private list of orders and so we'll just say this is our order list
and we'll instantiate that when the class loads.
So we'll say new we'll make it an array list for simplicity order.
Remember we're gonna have two methods in here taken place orders take order is just going to add in
order to the list.
So it's gonna add a command to the list.
So here we say public void take order takes an order object which is going to be a concrete command
buy or sell.
And all we're gonna do is say order list to add order.
Then what's actually going to place the order is the place orders method that's gonna go through the
list in call the execute method on the command.
So here we just go through all the orders in the list that we call order not execute.
And then when we're done we clear the list.
Last thing we need to do is implement our client our client remember does all the ties all the associations
between the between the invoker the receiver and the command.
Here we can create a stock and then we can pass that stock into our commands constructors.
So first we need a void Main method
and we need to create our stock we'll call a Google stock even though it's hardcoded could've made it
a lot more generic.
And then we're gonna create our buy stock which is our buy stock order and the constructor for this
command is going to take our receiver which is our Google stock and we'll also do the same for a cell
stock created here.
And this will be our cell stock order new cell stock and that will again take the Google stock.
We then need to create our Invoker which star broker.
And this is gonna be just called broker and it's not going to pass the command to the broker because
we're killing them up.
So here we're going to take a couple orders
and I can't spell very good.
Keep spelling barker on a old.
Is so broker not take order in the first order is the buy stock order.
And the second order will be the sell stock.
So here will say sell stock order.
And then when you actually want to execute their orders we're gonna say broker that place orders and
we'll see if this can compile again.
Notice that the client associates all the big objects for the Command pattern.
And we have to make sure that we have the right stuff here and we put the order type in the type parameters
not the constructor
so let's run this client
and you'll notice that we were able to buy and sell 1000 quantity or thousand shares of Google big thing
client setting up all the associations again the receivers with the commands in the invoke is with the
commands.
But understand the separation here understand the decoupling and it's a very nice way of separating
the request from the actual implementation of the request and the commands from the from the Invoker.
Thank you.